e
[Music]
the
STS the STS
no
the the
[Music]
okay that's nice and
all no no no long intro
today I'm starting this late uh I'm only
going to stream for like an hour or two
it's not a big deal um PlayStation's
been down all day so no Red
Dead very sad very sad indeed
um very sad
indeede
but
hey no rad dead
recliner the music was stopped didn't
live up to the
expectations
uh hello we
are something I uh
have been not very I've been mostly uh
not doing any music the last like week
or so I've done some weird [__]
goober thing so nothing
crazy
uh I've just been like cleaning my room
a bunch and like organizing a desk space
and like getting the CDs in and doing
logistic stuff and it's like whatever
excellent
um what have I been doing I can't even I
can't even
remember it's been like a nothing Burger
of a week sort of I've just been in like
Discord but yeah Red Dead not today and
uh what are we
doing not doing anything crazy we're
just we're just hanging out for like an
hour or two
music is not harder than
coding you
can you you can do it and I I'm
surprised to hear you dropped out on
second day but at the same time I'm
always like music education's always
silly and difficult
it's uh a lot easier to learn at your
own pace and do stuff that way so
definitely recommend trying that if a
class didn't work out for you cuz you
have ablon now I'm surprised they didn't
give you ailon like a like a
school license or
something I've had a sort of narrative
roadblock in the album I'm working on so
I'm like trying to figure out how to
finesse that out into something that
makes sense to me
um wait did they add
singles is that like a patch patch notes
thing oh that's my
website did they add singles cuz this is
a single
wait is the
adventures I should
remember sacred Dragon
dargon sailing
[Music]
away caran
child PR night
equestrian
1988 Okay so that was one
single are there
more p
number
protag
syndrome
maybe is that a typo
oh I'm
smart
Okay uh Vitality
glitch
nice
okay what what does that deal
The
Wanderer that took me a
second
future uh everything
glimmer my letter to the
princess [__] me now wow okay we're
doing
great Paradise
Valley [__] very
kill oh not this
okay I feel like it's an aura one may or
one oh man oh
[__] wait is this
hush okay
no I don't remember what this is is
something from Aura I think it's from
Aura it's
like where the [__] or is up here I'm
silly
it's okay well just because I looked
this up I have to type it even though
it's not
correct I have no idea what this is have
I actually lost
I I've lo I
lost
ah
ah I lost I lost
one I okay I lost
one of course if we the ambient one okay
that one killed me nice
wow so
sad how could I
not how could I
not it was either that or like
malignancy from Super Pon world or
whatever
whatever I'm freaking it I'm freaking it
dude but you know what I just realized I
don't have my thing plugged
in where is my thing plugged then hey
just all
right I need to plug in my thing
because check this [__]
out it's real
after n
years it's finally
real I was
like it would be the most fun to do
super Party World on the CD next cuz
uh it's special to
be but but so if we're not going to do
uh Red Dead you know what I will
do you know what I will
do very good
news it's time for
gambling let me add the uh audio to the
thing we're streaming
stream audio I
think it's going to be loud for like two
seconds
probably okay there we
go um now for this I can like read chat
pretty easily so we're just we're just
chilling
today um
I've already played this quite a
bit at least I think I've played this
quite a
bit I've been trying to play the new Sav
7 against my
will it's really not a good choice
too but I have
been I saw all the the bad [__] about it
and I was like but I've been waiting 9
years for
this so I'll do it anyway but I should
have listened still trying though what
am I missing there you go no
is there no I wish there were a clear
clear badge
button so I hate seeing the
badges sure
this um it's pretty
bad not unplayable but bad
and it's very sad I will
say oh this is
nothing
but what's my favorite card I have no
idea
I haven't seen all the cards there are
but there are some that are like we see
them along the way I'll know which ones
earn $4 I'll start
around
uh probably these
twoo yeah you can increase the
speed there's a copy of the next
selected
tag he what does that
mean I'll just get that but I don't kind
I kind of don't know what that means
oh okay
understood I see I see I don't really
skip them very often which is probably
something I should do
but I kind of forgot that they're called
Tags
I see I
understand yeah I know how to use this
one I
do
uh which I mean I might wait until I
have more standard cards
that question mark
But B Balaton Among
Us B battin among
us if firstand of R is a single s
okay
uh
sure
right sure
uh it's
ass it's not so ass
what I I have to like wait for
it or does it does it pick it when I buy
I guess what
here oh okay it just right now he does
it
okay okay the understander
everything's normal I need to look at
the skip rewards
probably
oh I see what it
does it's the most RNG so far what
is I kind of just want to sell this just
for this probably stupid decision but I
don't care
how do you kill a monster well it's
really quite
simple fun yeah I'm gambling I'm
gambling I'm gambling
we're
clubbing crying
W
gambling all Spade cards
debuffed that was dumb
that was also
dumb that's fine no wait I thought it
was I don't I'm stupid I thought it was
a straight I lost my
three the smartest thing in the
universe okay this is
terrible I am the loser
I did have a flush too I was not
thinking why not I'll play one
ace oh it's bad oh it's so
bad there's no reason
I am the okay that was just a stupid
mistake I swear I'm not this
bad
okay uh
it can go even faster too but it's like
disorienting dis disorienting when it's
that
fast like can I can I show game speed 4
like this is
scary it's really
disorienting prefer it on
two it's a little bit more
manageable so we're doing we're we're
diamonds today or something
shine bright like a
diamond the poop shutters
double The Rake of lowest rate card held
in hand to
multiply seems fun maybe
yeah that's pretty
reasonable discard low cards maybe if
there's a good chance to
uh
whatever Joker pants
why thank you for the upgrade
pants pants that was so nice of you this
are we entering the pants meta real
question are we entering the pants meta
this is so mean
guys okay
I wish I had a Xbox 360
I wish I had my uh like a PlayStation 3
so I go back on Black Ops 2
I probably should have picked the stone
but oh good I didn't even check the
thing
thank you
pants holy [__]
worst
ever I might
die just cuz I wasn't looking at the
thing what the [__] is wrong with me
okay this like the worst I've done it
only happens to do it on stream it's
funny
I can't even play a normal Cod because
the [__] PlayStation thing is down
fun
everything sucks
I'm going to lose
[Music]
again how how is this happening to me I
got like
[__] I got lit like five or six or
whatever I don't know what the [__] my
thing is hold on
what did I do I don't even know how to
find
that I don't know how to see where my
stats
are I don't know 9% I guess so maybe not
that far
never stop
gambling oh
I don't know what my problem
is I don't know why I did that either
[__] okay I'm going to keep gambling
everyone oh I don't even have a queen
there I am so the lose
sure
dude I can't like
okay I have to like pay
attention which means skipping as soon
as
possible wait what was
that did that skip give me like a
million
cards we love gambling we love gambling
we love
gambling everything's great
yeah I like that
one sure
egg Ralph egg
yes yes
I can do it in four
cards for got
sure if you
want Willie Willie Joker
what
saves
fun
for
sure I'm fighting the fish now
this
[__] [__] why not
a three of a kind
anyway
go I can go the $20 in debt I can get
the the
card just going to get rid of this one
the world is funny if you decide that it
is
this is my first ever live stream
this one's so
good I have to level up my Straight cuz
straight is always a disadvantage in
real
life why I meant to pick this card but
that's all right wasting one turn is
fine
because I get a four of a
kind that
works Paradise the
bean the vein
the
ban got to level up that
straight Taco Bell they don't put poison
in
it for
what oh money
got to level up that
straight I had a crazy dream where there
was a mega mind image with abortion on
it while Al his music playing in the
background let's also level up that that
tube
here got to level up that straight yes
like I said straight is inherently a
disadvantage so you got to fix it
they should let me have like a funny
score for picking AK-47
what the [__] a baseball
Joker give me I can't even get baseball
Joker I'll sell my business card wait
this one's good
too [__]
[__] God damn it [__] [__] [__] [__]
[__]
hell minus one hand
size my two pair is
fat oh I forgot I forgot splashes here
now why am I not playing the game like a
person
I need a queen please give me a queen
one Queen that's you know
what
sure it's not a full house but we have
Splash so every card
counts oh
[__] Hail
Mary I'm so dead
I'm so dead damn it I was beaten by the
manacle hey don't say
that so
weird okay well I've been there seeing
that right been there seeing
that get 32 AED I'll play one more
must play five cards
[Music]
I love recreational abortion
okay thank
you Shad don't say that
what am I doing with this [__]
game okay I'll
just I'll just not
I'll just not
then I just got here come on I don't
know what this is in reference to
but give me the money
that is like not worth
it give me the [__] buffoon pack
already sorry I'm sorry I I read
uncommon as abortion like I'm
already I'm already I'm losing it
why
God how old am I you'll be pleased to
know that I'm 327 years
old I am a vampire if that's okay
okay
yay artist is literally pushing through
Among Us
27 my
God okay
okay h
ah I'm literally dead again I'm so
stupid stupidest thing in the
universe yeah
know I fold how do I fold video game
okay it's okay we care of
this we could to
we can salvage
this hi
hi oh my
God I couldn't believe my eyes when I
saw this down right horrendously
diabolical decade late news at long last
the world renowned they have they they
should restore it and run it on the main
line have unrestored and placed Renown
steam
exper Steve Le's shattered C photo one
reputation on static display at
34.8 3641 North
11777 251 West you can find the exhibit
right next to the pile of 4014 tires
this was truly the final Hammer C photos
2 and three blow to his spotless track
record xia
hongo
than told you to keep your special
effects away from my
327 unless you just did then it's
nice thank you chica from five nights at
fredd that was
nice that was
[Applause]
nice that was nice
and there it is and there it went
be sure to check your spam
folder also why are we in four for
one that is not right
the
is
for
e e
oh
oh e
n
a
[Music]
n
a
w
n
a
[Music]
oh
B
I want to turn this into a cloud I can
do it
for
is
in
[Music]
[Applause]
for
[Music]
w a
oh
[Music]
w
what
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
f I
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
y
why
[Applause]
[Music]
y
a
[Music]
I
B a
[Music]
[Applause]
BL
oh there we go
[Music]
I
be
[Music]
yeah a
m
[Music]
a
no
[Music]
[Applause]
go
[Music]
y w
[Applause]
be
[Music]
a
d
[Music]
y
[Applause]
[Music]
w
[Applause]
nice into the growl folder
and just wait for that to export for 10
hours fluffy Soul we
sacrifice fluffy is always sacrifice
Fluffy's Soul we
sacrifice fluffy Soul we
sacrifice let's go fluffy Soul we
sacrifice fluffy Soul we sacrif
[Music]
sacrifice fluffy Soul we
sacrifice fluffy so we sacrifice fluffy
so we sacrifice fluffy so we sacrifice
fluffy Soul
Sacrifice sacrificing all the souls
something singing we will we will
sacrifice yeah
nice here it comes
you got
[Music]
no
[Applause]
[Music]
w
fluffy sry
sacrifice fluffy Sly
sacrifice
SI you'd be a
yink I'd probably
be I I'd probably be Modern Talking
I should probably end stream soon but
fluffy soly
sacrifice Something Beautiful can come
of
this hurry up you're taking too long
[Music]
pleas
[Applause]
I have to remove all the like
little you know what I
mean all
right help
I'm really good at
this something like
that me when there's 40,000 clicks
repaired I mean 38,000
[Music]
all these all these export processes is
so fun
[Applause]
imagine if Luigi got a low
F imagine if Luigi got a low f
[Music]
[Applause]
you can do this girl you you can do this
girl you can do this
girl you can do this you can do this you
can do this girl
imagine if Luigi got a low tap for
fade yes you got this
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
ch
[Music]
[Applause]
the
[Music]
I did not intend for the sound but
that's actually kind of cool like this
DC offsets
clap I try putting a pre- transient
before it's a what is it call snap
[Music]
back oh that's actually really cool
is
[Music]
sh
wait what about on the on the master
[Music]
sounds really cool
but it's a little too cool
[Music]
a
all right with this automation here I'm
going to see what happens when I just
like swap out the clips and stuff I'm
not even going to like think about what
goes here I'm just going to like change
the start and stop end points things and
see what
happens can you please wait what's the
problem here
a
[Music]
that's actually really [__] cool
sounding
[Music]
you
G
[Music]
keep
he a
[Music]
[Applause]
he I
d
for
I
oh I forgot there's a randomize button
on this
[Applause]
okay fluffy soy
sacrifice fluffy soy
sacrifice fluffy so
sacrifice excellent
for
[Applause]
is
in
here
[Music]
a
he
[Music]
is
a
[Music]
e
a
[Music]
he
e
[Music]
[Applause]
he he
[Music]
a
ready
[Music]
he
holy [__] that's kind of crazy
[Music]
he
oh
[Music]
he
mind you every single sound in this song
was made with this as the
[Applause]
source everything was just made with
this just this one sound
[Applause]
[Music]
cool okay I'm done streaming now thanks
for listening to Grunkle trap which is
what this is called I think or something
thanks for coming into my uh everything
thanks for coming into my house thank
you love you Bubby remember to
subscribe remember to subscribe